Performance investigation for Python 3.8 (#34)
ONSdigital/eq-survey-runner-benchmark: doc/performance-investigations/0004-update-to-python-38/summary.md

# Update to Python 3.8

Following gevent now supporting Python 3.8 (as of gevent 1.5) we are now able to upgrade Python.

> There will be performance implications with both Pythion 3.8 and dependent the gunicorn/gevent libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There will be performance implications with both Python 3.8 and the gunicorn/gevent libraries.
```

Reviewer 2: I've used `Pythion` before, no as good as `Python` tbh.

https://github.com/ONSdigital/eq-questionnaire-runner/tree/update-to-python-38

## Benchmark version

| Tag | Identifying Commit |
|--------|-------|
| latest | 7c865648ad1665583ee0a6a1738e5a4a70e28f80 |

## Benchmark profile

| Option | Value |
|--------|-------|
| Requests file | census_household_gb_eng.json |
| Run time | 60 mins |
| Instances | 1 |
| User wait time minimum | 1 |
| User wait time maximum | 2 |
| Clients | 100 |
| Hatch rate | 100 |

## Runner images
| Type      | Tag    | Commit | Date |
|-----------|--------|--------|------|
| Baseline  | latest  | 4bd042ae1e1ab75f4f4f377c0a26a9124ba30207 | Tue May 5 12:51:10 2020 +0100 |
| Investigation Candidate | update-to-python-38 | 29ddee54edfc60d0ee7ecc04944911e21bb6c4dd | Tue May 5 09:41:30 2020 +0100 |

## Results

Results based on 99th percentile timings.

| Metric | Baseline | Investigation |
|--------|----------|--------------|
| Questionnaire GETs | 587 | 393 |
| Questionnaire POSTs | 730 | 431 |
| All requests | 690 | 380 |

## Supporting Observations

> ![](0004-response-rates-and-latencies.png)

Reviewer: This renders to nothing for me

Author: Refresh your browser. Is there another way to insert the image?

Reviewer: This is the url generated in the diff on Github https://github.com/ONSdigital/eq-survey-runner-benchmark/blob/master/doc/performance-investigations/0004-update-to-python-38/0004-response-rates-and-latencies.png - it's pointing to master not this branch, so I suspect it's a GitHub issue.

## Decision

> Significant performance gains indicate a merge of this branch would be beneficial 

Reviewer: Performance gains shouldn't be this easy :+1:

Author: Oh yes they should ;o)
